CPMap Docs and 5.4.0 Release Notes (#19)
hazelcast/clc-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/clc-cpmap.adoc

|`key`
|Required
|Key of the CPMap entry.
|N/A

|`--key-type`, `-k`
|Optional
|Data type of the key. One of: `string`, `bool`, `json`, `i8`, `i16`, `i32`, `i64`, `f32`, `f64`.
|string

|===

.Global parameters
[%collapsible]
====
include::partial$global-parameters.adoc[]
====

Example:

[source,bash]
----
clc cpmap get -n yearbook -k i16 2012
----

== clc cpmap set

Sets a value in the given CPMap.

Usage:

[source,bash]
----
clc cpmap set [key] [value] [flags]
----

Parameters:

[cols="1m,1a,2a,1a"]
|===
|Parameter|Required|Description|Default

|`--name`, `-n`
|Optional
|Name of the CPMap.
|`default`

|`key`
|Required
|Key of the CPMap entry.
|N/A

|`value`,
|Required
|Value to set for the key.
|N/A

|`--key-type`, `-k`
|Optional
|Data type of the key. One of: `string`, `bool`, `json`, `i8`, `i16`, `i32`, `i64`, `f32`, `f64`
|string

|`--value-type`, `-v`
|Optional
|Data type of the value. One of: `string`, `bool`, `json`, `i8`, `i16`, `i32`, `i64`, `f32`, `f64`
|string

|===

.Global parameters
[%collapsible]
====
include::partial$global-parameters.adoc[]
====

Example:

[source,bash]
----
clc cpmap -n my-cpmap set -k string hello -v f32 19.94
----

== clc cpmap put

> Put sthe given value in the given CPMap and return sthe old value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Puts the given value in the given CPMap and returns the old value.
```

Author: Thanks Rebekah,
I've fixed the typo and added the reference for CPMap advanced script functions at:
https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/19/commits/298d2a3c821552757a99b36086dac604e0f36b43

Reviewer: All changes look good. Thanks Yuce
